What is the purpose of approaching me?
This dog man either hands or moves
Why are you so vigilant?
Mr. Shen, I have no purpose
The reason why you are intact today
It's all because of my red rope.
If you don't believe me
Just kill me
roll
You're bleeding, don't worry about it.
Damn it takes too much spiritual energy
Hey
Shen Yan, I think what Miss Su said is true
And the car was coming straight at us.
But are you generous?
Excessive consumption of Reiki
You sleep for three or four hours.
I woke up so quickly this time
This man is indeed a treasure
Master Shen
There are several people in the sky real estate who are clamoring to see you.
They're going to jump off the building if they can't see you
You can't go out.
Who will give me the change if you die outside
Pay me back my hard-earned money
You dare to move my people
See you in ashes